feat: embed address into order payload (#82)
ulule/developers.ulule.com: content/overview/versions.md

## Versions changelog

### 2020-03-11

> * This version removes the field `country` from the [order payload](#create-an-order) and add validation to the order shipping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This version removes the `country` field from the [order payload](#create-an-order) and adds validation regarding the order shipping.
```

> * This version removes the `country` field from the [order payload](#create-an-order) and adds validation regarding the order shipping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This version removes the `country` field from the [projects.orders_create payload](#create-an-order) and adds validation regarding the order shipping.
```
